## Overview

## To install:
In the project root, run:
```bash
uv venv --python 3.12.2
uv sync --all-extras --dev
```

To setup your .env
```bash
cp env.example .env
```

## Running
```bash
uv run examples/01_simple_agent_example/01_simple_agent_example
```

## Tests

Integration test. (requires secrets in place)
```
uv run py.test -m "integration"
```

Everything other than integration

```
uv run py.test -m "not integration"
```

Plugin tests (TODO: not quite right. uv env is different for each plugin)

```
uv run py.test plugins/*/tests/*.py -m "not integration"
```

### Check

Shortcut to ruff, mypy and non integration tests:

```
uv run python dev.py check
```

### Formatting

```
uv run ruff check --fix
```

### Mypy type checks


```
uv run mypy --install-types --non-interactive -p stream_agents
```

```
uv run mypy --install-types --non-interactive --explicit-package-bases plugins
uv run mypy --install-types --non-interactive --explicit-package-bases plugins/xai
```

## Release

```
git tag -a v0.0.1 -m "Release 0.0.1" && git push --tags
```

## Architecture

### TTS & STT flow

describe how audio flows

### Realtime STS flow

describe this TODO

## Dev / Contributor Guidelines

### Light wrapping

AI is changing daily. This makes it important to use light wrapping. IE

```python
tts = ElevenLabsTTS(client=ElevenLabs())
```

Note how the ElevenLabsTTS handles standardization.
But if the init for ElevenLabs changes, nothing breaks.
If features are added to the client, you can use them easily via tts.client

### Typing

Avoid using Union types or complicated composite types.
Keep typing simple. Use the PcmAudio type instead of bytes when passing around audio.
This prevents mistakes related to different audio formats.

### Testing

Many of the underlying APIs change daily. To ensure things work we keep 2 sets of tests. Integration tests and unit tests.
Integration tests run once a day to verify that changes to underlying APIs didn't break the framework. Some testing guidelines

- Every plugin needs an integration test
- Limit usage of response capturing style testing. (since they diverge from reality)

### Observability

- Traces and metrics go to Prometheus and OpenTelemetry
- Metrics on performance of TTS, STT, LLM, Turn detection and connection to realtime edge.
- Integration with external LLM observability solutions

### Queuing

- Video: There is no reason to publish old video. So you want to cap the queue to x latest frames
- Audio: Writing faster than 1x causes audio glitches. So we need a queue.
- Audio: Writing slower than 1x also causes glitches. You need to write 0 frames
- Audio generated by LLM: The LLM -> TTS can generate a lot of audio. This has to be stopped when interrupt happens
- Gemini & Google generate at what pace?

### Tasks

- Short running tasks should check if the connection is closed before doing work
- Long running tasks are should be cancelled when calling agent.close()

### Video Frames & Tracks

- Track.recv errors will fail silently. The API is to return a frame. Never return None. and wait till the next frame is available
- When using frame.to_ndarray(format="rgb24") specify the format. Typically you want rgb24 when connecting/sending to Yolo etc
